Double Holder-20260628_170340-Meeting Recording
June 28, 2026, 10:03PM
12m 36s
 Chen, Enoch started transcription
 Chen, Enoch   0:05 All right, so I'm going to talk a little bit about basic strategy. Well, just going to give a little bit of strategy for the game Tracker or Shunji for the AI to build on. So Um... Assuming that you already know the basic strategy of the game, I'll just start off with adding on to kind of the declaring Trump's face. So in addition to just basic strategy of declaring the Trump where you have, you know, declare the suit. to be the Trump where you have a lot of that suit. You want to prioritize declaring Trumps in suits that you have pairs in, right? Now, this isn't always the case, but the more pairs, I would say a pair of cards in the Trump suit is worth more, worth like three or four. of non-pair Trump suit cards. So there's that. Obviously, you know, with having like aces and aces and king pairs may not be as good to have in the Trump suit just because of they have a, they play better as a non-Trump, but that's just like a. nuance. Like that point pairs, they play it better as a non-Trump. Actually, to be honest, they, they, I would just say prioritize having pairs when you declare the Trump. Additionally, you do not want to declare a Trump too early because if you declare too early, you may not have, you may end up not having that many cards in the suit. So I would say declaring A Trump suit can kind of make or break your game. And then, in the case of the the the flipping, like changing the bid with two of the same exact cards, so, for example, if the bid is the current bid is for fours, someone declares 4 clubs clubs the Trump suit, and then you have... four of spades, like 2 four of spades, I would say. And then you subsequently use that to flip it into spades, what we call flipping. I would only do that if, you know, you obviously have more spades than clubs, that kind of thing. So yeah, just from a declaring trumps, the only additional thing I was adding is just prioritize having good pairs. prioritize having more cards. Going on to like the kitty or like the bank cards on the bottom, what I would do is obviously, yeah, standard strategy, eliminate all, eliminate at least one suit. However, you always never put any aces, never put aces in. in the bank. There's almost, there's never a reason to pick aces in the bank because aces are, you can just play them, you'll probably win and you can lead with aces. Never put aces, never put like strong pairs, you know, unless you like have all Trumps and those are the only ones you have that are non-Trumps and never put strong pairs. Anything like jack pair and higher, I would not be, I mean, honestly, even 8 pair or higher, I wouldn't put it in there unless there's like, unless you have very little like non-Trump cards. Never put Trump suits, obviously never put, you know, the bid that it's currently on in the bank in the kitty. Let's see. Moving on, oh yeah, for putting points inside. So I would only put points in the kitty in the bank when you know you will likely be able to take down the last hand, right? Because the last hand is the hand that whoever wins the last trick gets all the points in the bank in the kitty. So I would only lay, I would go heavy. General rule of thumb I have is if you have, if you have 4 Jokers, you know, and a lot of Trump cards, then I would just put everything, as many points as you want in the kitty. If you have maybe, you know, one to three Jokers, but a decent amount of Trumps, I'd probably only put like... you know, max 20 to 30 points, because you never know what can happen. If you have less than, say, the average amount of Trump cards, so that's the average amount of Trump cards that you'll have is about 8 to 10. If you have less than that, I wouldn't, and you have no, I would not put any. points, maybe 5 points. If you have, you know, less than that. And then if you just have, you know, less than that and no jokers, no strong cards, I would just put nothing in the trunk, in the bank, in the kitty. So that's like the general rule of thumb. How many jokers do you have? How many of the... card of the current bid card ranks that you have, how many trunk suits that you have. That's the kitty. Moving on to, you know, as the opener, so what cards to lead with. What you want to do is if you're the one with, if you're starting, you know, you want to start with all. all of your aces, obviously. Start with high pairs. Prioritize, absolutely prioritize tractors. So this is going to be tractors of, you know, consecutive pairs. So 7, 7, 8, 8, attached to an ace, or just 7, 7, 8, get those out as soon as possible because they will get broken up. Um... Other things I would prioritize is, yeah, high cards, aces, pairs. Yep, I think I went over everything. And then lastly, as the follower, as someone who's not playing first, you know, I would prioritize. I would prioritize if it's if your partner. is leading, is winning the trick, then prioritize putting points down. If your partner's not winning the trick, right, I would prioritize not putting points down. I'm like, I would break pairs, I would break down, I would, you know, sacrifice even, you know, like Trump suits to not put any points down. because you really want to save your points to when your partner is winning. Kind of moving on, that's on what cards to follow. Also, you want to be keeping track of cards for sure. So for example, if you know that, you know, say your hand has a pair of 10s, and you have a pair of 10s and an ace and a king. Oh sorry, you have a pair of 10s and a king in a non-trump suit, right? If you see a pair of aces played out, then you know you can play the king safely because the aces are gone, right? Likewise, if you see a pair of aces played out, a king, a jack, and a queen, play like separately, then you know your pair of 10s is also safe to play, right? You don't want to just open up with a pair of 10s if you know you're not certain if there's something higher than it. Other than that, I mean, yeah, it just comes up to the, and then going, yeah, exiting from kind of just standard strategy overall in terms of game flow. As the attacker, when you're trying to score points, you will generally find that you're not able to score any points early game. And that is fine. That is absolutely fine. What you want to do is you want to get an opportunity somewhere along the mid-game to kind of take it down, to take it down, like take over and start playing. cards at to control the flow of the game to start. As the defender, you know, you're going to be, you know, killing all your cards, you know, getting rid of all the points in the beginning. The mid-game is kind of where, once as the defender with the bank, with the kitty, you want to get rid of all your good cards and then after you have, you've played out all of your aces, all of your protractors, your consecutive pairs and strong pairs, what you want to do in this case is you want to play a low trump card to pass it over to your partner, right? This is because by playing a low trump card after, you know, in the mid-game, after you've already completed all your items, completed all your strong, played out all your strong cards. It allows you to 1st, it burns a Trump suit for your opponents, the attackers. And then it also allows your partner to play down like a Joker or small Joker or big Joker or, you know, a high, a high, high Trump suit card to kind of take over and play their aces or play. play the suit that you don't have, which they will know because you will have never played that suit. And this allows you to have that this kind of back and forth dynamic of they'll play the suit that you don't have, the two attackers have to play that suit, and you're able to play a trump suit to take it down. And then you can play, you know, that's just kind of how it works. So that's kind of the mid-game flow. Obviously, you're not going to be able to do that perfectly all the time. The attackers will eventually be able to take it down themselves. But yeah, going down to the end game, right, protecting the kitty. So there are two scenarios for the end game. Right, the first scenario is if there are two scenarios, how many points, depending on how many points you have in the kitty. So if you have a lot of points in the kitty, this is saying if you have at least I'd say 10 / 10 / 15 points right in the kitty, that you know the points in the kitty, if you have 10 above 10 or above 15 points in the, sorry, above 10 points in the kitty. I would, this is a scenario where you need to protect the kitty. If you have less than that, then it's kind of optional to protect the kitty. I would try to protect the points in the game. So in this scenario we're trying to protect the kitty, right, in the end game, you want to be saving as many Trump suit cards as possible, right? This is, so as the defenders. So the defenders will start. burning, you know, they'll start playing non-Trump point cards, giving a little bit of points, obviously not enough to let the attackers win, but they would give up a little bit of points in order to protect the kitty. Obviously, it's a min-max problem, right? So if you have 10 points in the kitty, that's doubled to 20. So you can probably give up. less than 20, if you can give up less than 20 points while still defending the kitty, then it makes sense to, you know, to give those points up. If you find yourself giving up more points than what's actually in the kitty, then it doesn't make sense to do that, right? So you got to prioritize. In the instance that you don't have any points in the kitty, as a defender, then you want to prioritize getting as many, getting rid of as many points as possible. So you don't have to save like a Joker or a card to defend the kitty at the end. In the instance where you do have a lot of points in the kitty, you do want to save, you know, do want to save a, you know, save a Joker or a high card or save some Trump suits to protect that, right? So that's the difference. And then. Other things that I would do, yeah, I would just, honestly, these are like really general strategies. Other things that I would do, some unique things that you might see is playing like a, so for example, if you have a lot of hearts, right? But hearts is not the Trump suit, say like spades is the Trump suit. They have a lot of hearts, you don't have a lot of Trump. What do I do? You know, I'm kind of cooked. What you can do is you play hard, like you just go along with the game flow, and until you go until every, nobody else has any hearts left, right? And then you just kind of lay it all out. You try to take advantage, you try to take it down, take down a trick, and then you just lay out all of your hearts at the same time, right? As an attacker or a defender, the reason why this is so easy. powerful is because the opposing team will have to use all Trump suits to take down your like stream of hearts, like your set of hearts. And it is even better if your set includes like pairs, right? If we had a set of hearts and there's like 2 pairs in there, then the attackers or the opposite team will. would have to, you know, use all Trump suits plus two Trump pairs to successfully take down your hearts. Otherwise, you know, you just... they just lose, they can't take it down, right? And then you win the trick. And then your pirate can lay down a lot of points. Yeah, so that's that. Let me, yeah, that is all.
 Chen, Enoch stopped transcription
