Trip Holder-20260628_234233-Meeting Recording
June 28, 2026, 4:42AM
6m 17s
 Chen, Enoch   0:04 All right, so this is to refine the tractor strategy for the eDocBot AI. All right, so listen up. So a couple of key things we're noticing. First of all, just starting with broad general strategy. Dude, you guys got to stop opening, stop starting the first play. as like a big Trump suit. Like say like the rank we're playing is 4, stop opening with fours. If you really have, stop opening with Jokers, right? You should never be playing a naked Joker to start. Like that doesn't make any sense, right? Never start with small Joker or the rank. the Trump rank number as the starting plate. That's just bad. OK, so you guys gotta stop doing that. This should be a 0% frequency. Secondly, stop laying pairs in the bank as the in the in the kitty as a declare. Like, it's just it's just not a good strategy. Like, do I you shouldn't absolutely. Stop, don't not do that, right? You could do it as like at a low frequency if it helps you get rid of a suit, but I'm noticing you like all the bots, they never do that, so like... You got, you want to prioritize getting rid of an entire suit first, right? And it's OK to lay points in there, right? If you, if you have, if you have like, you know... good, if you have like a decent amount of Trumps or a few jokers, you should be putting points in the kitty. Like how come you never put any points in the kitty as a bank, as a declarer? So that's just some general strategy here. Moving on, To just basic strategy I'm seeing from the bots, like if... If... If the opponent, if you, if the sorry, if the opponent is winning, like, don't lay down any points. It's OK to break up pairs to not give the opponents points. On additionally, if your partner is winning. Like if your partner's dropping like big joker, small joker down and they're winning the trick, they're winning the hand, then it's okay to drop points. You should be dropping down points instead of saving them for what, why are you saving them? You know, so that's something I'm noticing from the bots. Now moving on into these specific roles, right? As the declarer, the one with the kitty, right, the one laying down cards, what you want to be doing is you want to open up with, you know, your aces, which is good, which you're doing. Open up with your pairs, get rid of, start, prioritize with aces, then do your pairs. The prioritize tractors, aces, then pairs, right, consecutive sets. then high pairs, then low pairs. And then if you don't have any of that, then it's okay to play a Trump card. But don't be playing like a Joker or the rank suit. You want to be playing like the, you know, a small Trump suit, right? Like a two, three, or four, something small, non-points. This is as declared in the mid-game. to pass it over to your partner. Now, as the partner of the bank, the kitty owner, the partner of the defender, what you should be doing is you should be laying down points for your partner during the early game, as when they're taking the lead with their big pairs, their consecutive sets. You should be laying down as many points as possible, getting rid of your non-Trump suits. Don't be laying down Trump. suits when your partner is winning, lay down non-Trumps, prioritize laying down non-Trumps, unless it's like a 10 pointer, king pointer that you're trying to lay down. Moving on to the attackers, what I'm noticing from the attackers is that, you know, Be okay with, you know, getting a 10 point, getting 10 points 10 out of time, right? If you can take the lead. take it, right? If you, if the, if the defenders are playing Trump suits and you should be able to take it down. Oh, one thing I'm noticing from the bots is that if, if there is, if you're not going to take the lead, if you don't, you don't think you can take down the trick, win the trick, then just play the smallest possible card. Right? Don't waste your high Trump suits for no reason. If you can't take it down, just lay. If you can't win the trick, just play the smallest possible card that is available for you to play. Last thing, the bots are already doing this pretty well, is if you realize that your partner doesn't have a specific suit, like they are able to use a Trump suit to kind of take down the trick of a suit because they're out of that suit. For example, if the Trump suit is clubs and your partner appears to be out of spades, then you should be playing spades because the other, the opponents will also have spades, but your partner is able to take it down with the Trump suit. So... You should be playing suits that you notice your partner doesn't have and the other two teammates do have, the other two opponents have. So that's general strategy. Other strategy is don't be so trigger happy. Yeah, just stop playing jokers. like opening up with a joker, opening up with a Trump rank for like, that doesn't do anything, you know what I'm saying? If you're trying to pass it to your partner. pass it with a low Trump card. The only reason you would start bleeding down your high Trump cards, jokers, you know, Trump rank number cards, is if you believe you have the most amount of Trumps and you're trying to bleed everyone else out of Trumps. That's like the only scenario and that doesn't really happen that often. And so you need to have at least like 15, 16 trump cards to do that. And then once, yeah, anyway, so those are just things I've noticed. If you could implement, thank you.
 Chen, Enoch stopped transcription
